Hotfix Trusted Hash Instructions for Node Operators (#1273)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/operators/setup/install-node.md

## Getting a Trusted Hash

In the past, we have used a lower `trusted_hash`. Connecting at the tip, we now use as high of a `trusted_hash` as possible.

### Node Address

NODE_ADDR can be set to an IP of a trusted node, or to Casper Labs' public nodes

You can find active peers at https://cspr.live/tools/peers or use the following Casper Labs public nodes:

* Testnet - NODE_ADDR=https://rpc.testnet.casperlabs.io

* Mainnet - NODE_ADDR=https://rpc.mainnet.casperlabs.io

### Protocol Version

> Protocol version should be set to the largest available protocol version you see in `ls /etc/casper` Currently, it should be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protocol version should be set to the largest available protocol version you see in `ls /etc/casper`.  As of writing this, it was 1_5_2:
```

Reviewer: Future proofing a little.

```bash
PROTOCOL=1_5_2
```

### Load `trusted_hash` in Config.toml of the Protocol Version

The following command uses the previously established NODE_ADDR and PROTOCOL to load the `trusted_hash`:

```bash

> NODE_ADDR=https://rpc.testnet.casperlabs.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NODE_ADDR=https://rpc.mainnet.casperlabs.io
```
I think I would use mainnet as the example here.
